add batch stt + openai compat guide (#147)
cartesia-ai/docs: fern/api-reference/stt-openai-compatibility.mdx

Reviewer: We should title this file and the file path to be `Migrating From OpenAI Whisper to Cartesia Ink`

---
title: "OpenAI SDK Compatibility (Batch)"
description: "Use Cartesia's Batch Speech-to-Text API with OpenAI's client libraries"
---

<Info>
**Batch STT Only**: This documentation covers OpenAI SDK compatibility for Cartesia's Batch Speech-to-Text transcription. For real-time transcription, use our [Streaming STT endpoint](/api-reference/stt/stt) which doesn't have OpenAI SDK compatibility.
</Info>

> Cartesia's Batch Speech-to-Text API provides compatibility with OpenAI's client libraries through the `/audio/transcriptions` endpoint. This allows for migration from OpenAI's Whisper API to Cartesia's STT service.

Reviewer: nit

```suggestion
Cartesia's Batch Speech-to-Text API provides compatibility with OpenAI's client libraries through the `/audio/transcriptions` endpoint. This allows for easy migration of your use cases to Cartesia's Ink STT.
```
